in all of my work
I always felt myself engaging and being
engaged by a larger consciousness
this Consciousness did not take concrete
form it never took personified form and
never took concretized form
and it changed are the qualities of this
Consciousness changed the deeper I went
so that I began to understand the way I
think of it is
the Consciousness that we enter into
communion with in psychedelic States
is an infinite Consciousness that's
capable of generating any number of
different types of experiences or types
of awareness within us
and our mind access a seed Catalyst a
seed Crystal that catalyzes a certain
set of experiences from this infinite
Consciousness if you do this
repetitively over repeatedly the
experiences that you have and you
integrate internalize and go through the
various purification processes it
changes your your Consciousness and
therefore the Consciousness that you
take into the next encounter is a
different Consciousness that catalyzes a
deeper set of experiences from the
infinite potential of consciousness
and that means that the what you
experience as this guiding intelligence
the this massive intelligence that you
meet at different levels
is in a way
uh
a Consciousness that arises at the
intersection between your individual
mind and this universal mind and as you
change the intersection changes so that
from my experience the Consciousness
which I felt was always guiding my
sessions
uh was always invisible to me but was
always felt it didn't adopt concrete
form or very seldom adopt concrete form
because the form would change as the
experiences deepens so it you know that
formless quality as I think something
innate to do with the Consciousness
itself
and then in going beyond the collective
level of Consciousness between beyond
the collective psyche and even Beyond
human history when you're pushing so
deep you're going Beyond Jung's category
of archetypal Consciousness you're
letting you're going Beyond human
history altogether all of the
interpretive Frameworks all the images
all the concepts that we associate with
our religious and spiritual history they
just fall away
uh basically if several thousand years
or five or ten thousand years of
religious history just fall away and
you're moving into States Of
Consciousness that go beyond
any category of gods or deities or
Angelic beings
you're in a completely different world
uh so yes always guidance
um always an intelligence engaging me
but formless
yeah well I have yet to get to that
level in my particular Journeys but
perhaps someday
um and uh uh I'd like to ask more
specifically about sort of the forms
that can appear um